in this section of the experiment your
task is the same as before however this
time you'll have access to influence how
the system learns from your annotations
to do this you will use this
extension click on the extension and
you'll be presented with options of
values you can adjust these values
determine how the system updates its
predictions according to your
annotations you'll be given a reference
sheet to help inform which values you
choose
once you've chosen your values click on
the update system button and then click
away from the extension to
exit when you're done annotating the
sentence and click the submit button the
system will learn from your annotation
with the values you specified please
interact with the extension at least
once for every annotation you make thank
you for making it to this part of the
experiment and let me know if you have
any questions